Okay, I literally just woke up like two minutes ago. I'm retarded. But I'm looking at my watch, my screener right now. I can't even make sense of anything. I'm retarded right now. But ZSPC, I'm looking at. I'm gonna mark out levels. The six o'clock level on April 10th. The top of the body. on the one hour, the top of the wick there too. And the 7 o'clock on April 10th also mark out the top of the body and the top of the wick there. Because our current price is finagling between there. I'm not loving our setup right now. I think... According to my pattern recognition, it will... Yeah, I'm not going to make a decision yet on that because it's not lining up with what I know clearly. But the 30 minute looks good. Let's see any other time frames. Oh, we might actually be soaking in a long... reverse head and shoulders from the five minute point of view and the three minute. I'll check that out though. I'm just kinda scoping things out right now, so. Yeah, I'm just not really hopping in anything I'm just seeing how everything plays out.

Okay, ZSPC. There's just something about it. I gotta look at this more. There's something about it I don't like. I don't trust. Like, I don't know. It just looks weird. It just looks weird. I don't know. From, like, 625 on the 16th to 1035 on the 16th. It just looks weird, bro. Like, I kind of see why. Because... It never held at .0972 level at around 8 to 8.05 to 8.10 AM. It just kind of fizzled out from there. And now it's back in that sort of point of control range at .0919 around. And it's just kind of fizzling out in that zone. So I think it might just drop To... Yeah, what I was gonna say earlier. I think it might just drop to... Between .0828 and... Around .0740. And then... Continue to go up from there. But... That's not my final guess. That's just like... I don't know. It's just weird. This is such a weird chart. Uh... I'll look at other stuff. Nothing, oh, A-G-A-E. Setup's looking decent here. The one hour is actually kind of beautiful, but... Okay. It's holding VWAP, it's holding previous one hour body.

Dude, I'm retarded right now. Who the fuck did I... Who the fuck just talked? Oh, I'm gonna call. is not even working. I give up. Okay, anyways, back to AGAE. All right, let's look at this from each timeframe and mark levels because that's the best way to do it. All right, I'm marking 0.5888 on the daily. I'm also gonna mark, shit, I don't have much time to do this, 0.65 on the daily. should stay between those two right now. If it breaks out above, it's probably gonna go just according to my usual plan. I'm sure there's more levels in here, but I don't know, I just, this is simple for now. But looking at the continuation bearish continuation pattern from 17 o'clock on April 14th. On the hourly, the setup does look like it's just going in line downwards, but also the past three hours show that this could just break out to new highs eventually past .9586. If it breaks through the .65 That's not true. It would have to probably go above previous resistance of .7183 and body fill above that to have a chance of hitting new highs because it would have to break the trendline pattern, the descending trendline pattern from the top of the candle wicks.

But right now, there's just lots of consolidation. Even on the 30 minute, we have five small bodies just consolidating within that zone of .5888 to .67222 or .22. And we have soaked out of the range both Downwards and upwards. The first candle after the 830 long candle is inside bar. And it's consolidating the bottom of that second candle in the inside bar. So that's good. It looks like it's ascending on the 30 minute. Each candle body bottom is... ending higher than the previous one. We just need it to end above 0.6205, which is, it's testing right now because that's the 1530 on April 15th candle potty resistance. So I'm just watching it out for now. But yeah, if it breaks above any of these levels, including 0.7175, I'll be watching. Okay, so everything I have marked out right now is .5888, .6205, .6500, .7175, and .7874. That's not usually all of the levels that I would typically mark out. I would typically pick other ones like Like wick bottoms, wick tops, and other supports and resistance potentials.

But I would change the color on them. So it's clear to me. Bruh. How long was I talking without this recording? Oh my god. Anyways, I don't know. But what I said was I picked out the levels .5, 888, .6205, .6500. 0.7175, 0.7874. I would typically pick out more levels above and below candle wicks and change the color of those lines so it's clearer to me. But I'm just going to keep it simpler for now and have these main levels marked out to reduce a headache. But as I was saying... The 15 minute could technically be partially labeled a reverse head and shoulders and you could say it's been soaking for the past hour. But I don't like to combine patterns because this is also in a 15 minute bowl flag. But when used in confluence and caught in confluence with each other, that can be a good sign. I see the low at 6.30 on April 16th. Yeah, we have a double bottom from the 6.30 on 4.15 and the 10.30 on 4.15. And then trendline on 15-minute, the top wicks. The second top wick at 1230 compared to 1715 is above the previous one.

I honestly shouldn't be trading today because I feel like a retard, but I feel like I can get in the zone maybe eventually if volume picks up and I start noticing more patterns that I usually do. But it just has to stick between this .5888 and .65 zone for the bullish flag to remain. It can dip below probably to the 21 EMA. But only soaks. Only soaks. It still has to stay within the .5888 and .65 zone with the body. And then... But overall, like... Yeah, this should take a little longer, like maybe an hour. I have to check, I have to double check how much longer this should be taking. I think... I think it could still fizzle out. Like, my brain is not okay right now. I feel like a retard. But, 2.8. But yeah, I think, yeah, volume's fizzling out. It could pick back up, you know. It's just consolidating right now, so that doesn't really matter. It's holding VWAP on the 15 minute. and the five minute and every timeframe basically besides the one minute, it's just, it's just bouncing around VWAP and the 0.5888 support on the one minute.

But, I don't know. Yeah, it looks like it's coiling. It looks like it's coiling overall on the, and I like to see this on the Polish flag, oh shit, I didn't even notice on the one minute, it's currently curling, starting to curl along the VWAP, so once that curl's complete, probably by like 11, and it surpasses 11 a.m., and it surpasses 0.6205, then it'll hit its next level, the next level, the next level. But we'll just have to recalibrate after every level and see what's happening. Oh, I wish I was smart today. I feel like brain mush. But yeah, it could surpass a 0.61 level on the 10 second timeframe. and then go to 0.6151 and beyond, but that would just be confirmation for a bigger timeframe on what's gonna happen. So if something like that would happen on the 10 second, it would obviously have to transfer over on the one minute, three minute, five minute, et cetera. But I am starting to like the, looking at the three minute, I am starting to like what's happening with the curl